Improve test platforms docs (#51854)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/microsoft-testing-platform-crash-hang-dumps.md

---
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform crash and hang dumps
description: Learn about the Microsoft.Testing.Platform extensions for collecting crash dumps and hang dumps during test execution.
author: evangelink
ms.author: amauryleve
ms.date: 02/25/2026
ai-usage: ai-assisted
---

# Crash and hang dumps

These features require installing additional NuGet packages, as described in each section.

> [!TIP]

> > When using [Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild) (included transitively by MSTest, NUnit, and xUnit runners), these extensions are auto-registered when you install their NuGet packages — no code changes needed. The manual registration below is only required if you disabled the auto-generated entry point by setting `<GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>false</GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using [Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild) (included transitively by MSTest, NUnit, and xUnit runners), these extensions are auto-registered when you install their NuGet packages — no code changes needed. The manual registration specified in this article is only required if you disabled the auto-generated entry point by setting `<GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>false</GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>`.
```
